.\" Manpage for sdvgen.
.\" Contact liye@sdvos.com to correct errors or typos.
.TH "SDVGEN" "1" "December 16, 2014" "0.1" "sdvgen man page"
.SH NAME
sdvgen \- SDVOS System Generator.
.SH SYNOPSIS
sdvgen [Options] CONFIG_FILE
.SH DESCRIPTION
sdvgen parses an OSEK OIL file and generates all the configuration files needed by SDVOS for a target platform. Currently, these configuration files include: config.mk, config/config.c, config/config.h, and apps/config.mk.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B "\-i <include_path>"
specifies OIL file include path. OIL files can be split into different files and included with C style include directive.
.B <include_path>
can be multiple paths separated by
.B \':\'
.TP
.B "\-s <sdvos_base>"
specifies the SDVOS source root directory.
.TP
.B "\-r"
generates resource statistics after parsing OIL file.
.TP
.B "\-t"
generates configration files to STDOUT for test/verify.
.TP
.B "\-d"
dumps all the system objects after parsing OIL file. This can be used to check the integrity of objects and dicover potential parser bugs.
.TP
.B "\-b"
backs up all configuration files before creating new ones. Old files will be copied to hidden files of the same names in the same directory.
.TP
.B "\-m"
builds the system image after generating all the configuration files.
.TP
.B "\-h"
displays help message and exits.
.TP
.B "\-v"
outputs version information and exits.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
\fBsdvgen\ \-r\ \fIconfig.oil
Read the OIL file
.I config.oil
and display a system resource statistics report
.TP
\fBsdvgen\ \-d\ \fIconfig.oil
Read the OIL file
.I config.oil
and display all the system objects
.TP
\fBsdvgen\ \-s\ \fI/path/to/sdvos/src\ \fB\-t\ \fIconfig.oil
Read the OIL file
.I config.oil
and display all the configuration files on STDOUT for test and verification.
.TP
\fBsdvgen\ \-i\ \fI/include/path1:/include/path2\ \fB\-s\ \fI/path/to/sdvos/src \fIconfig.oil
Set OIL file include path to
.I /include/path1
and
.I /include/path2
, read the OIL file
.I config.oil
and generate all the configuration files for the SDVOS kernel source tree located at
.I /path/to/sdvos/src
.TP
\fBsdvgen\ \-s\ \fI/path/to/sdvos/src\ \fB\-b\ \fIconfig.oil
Read the OIL file
.I config.oil
, back up all the old configration files and generate all the new configuration files for the SDVOS kernel source tree located at
.I /path/to/sdvos/src
.TP
\fBsdvgen\ \-s\ \fI/path/to/sdvos/src\ \fB\-b\ \-r\ \-d\ \fIconfig.oil
Same as above, but also generate resource statistics report and display all the system objects to STDOUT.
.TP
\fBsdvgen\ \-s\ \fI/path/to/sdvos/src\ \fB\-b\ \-r\ \-d\ \-m\ \fIconfig.oil
Same as above, but also generate a system image using the new configuration files and kernel source located at
.I /path/to/sdvos/src
This is essentially changing directory to
.I /path/to/sdvos/src
and issue a
.B make.
The system image can be found in the kernel source directory.
.SH BUGS
Please report any bugs to liye@sdvos.com
.SH AUTHOR
Ye Li (liye@sdvos.org)
